concatenate docs style (#6621)
pydata/xarray: doc/user-guide/combining.rst

Concatenate
~~~~~~~~~~~

> To combine ``datasets``/``data arrays`` along an existing or new dimension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To combine :py:class:`~xarray.Dataset`s / :py:class:`~xarray.DataArray`s along an existing or new dimension
```

> into a larger set/array, you can use :py:func:`~xarray.concat`. ``concat``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into a larger object, you can use :py:func:`~xarray.concat`. ``concat``
```

Reviewer: Or dataset / array; `set` is not generally a shorthand for dataset
